I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .
That is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .
However , I would ask you , in accordance with the line which is now constantly followed by the European Parliament and by the whole of the European Community , to make representations , using the weight of your prestigious office and the institution you represent , to the President and to the Governor of Texas , Mr Bush , who has the power to order a stay of execution and to reprieve the condemned person .
We shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be .
Madam President , I do not wish to reopen the debate , but I had also asked for the floor , to comment on Mr Barón Crespo 's motion .
If they do not properly reflect the positions adopted , then we may correct them , if necessary .
If they do not properly reflect the positions adopted , then we may correct them , if necessary .
Safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods
Madam President , I would like to make a few comments .
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .
The Commission ' s proposal , however , does not take account of all the facts , such as the cold climate that prevails in the northern regions .
I hope my proposal will be taken into consideration in tomorrow ' s vote .
Very large quantities of dangerous goods are transported around the EU , both on roads and railways and by sea .
Mr President , I would like to thank not only Mr Koch , but also the Vice-President of the Commission for the clear and unambiguous way in which they have declared their support for safety in the transport sector and acknowledged it as a priority .
Hence there is certainly every reason to introduce more far-reaching regional provisions .
We have seen poverty growing in Wales ; and growing still further since 1997 .
Another matter we would like to address , specifically from the point of view of industrial policy , is that we would have liked the Commission to pay more attention to the effects of services , electronic commerce and the growing use of the Internet , when they were planning the coordination of Structural Funds and Cohesion Funds .
We hope that those considering rejection of these amendments have very powerful reasons to offer to both Parliament and their citizens who are seeking employment .
We hope that those considering rejection of these amendments have very powerful reasons to offer to both Parliament and their citizens who are seeking employment .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to begin by thanking Mrs Schroedter , the rapporteur , for her work .
We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .
Europe should not be completely absent , as the states tend to want .
The first is the fundamental , central importance that we continue to give to the principle of economic and social cohesion .
I would like to ask if the Commission is able to enlighten us on the reasons for the delay in the Commission ' s report on the outermost regions , which has been long awaited by Parliament ?
Drawing to a close , I should like to focus on a number of challenges which you reiterated , Mrs Schroedter .
I am thinking , for example , of the idea that these guidelines are not specific enough in their recommendations .
Indeed , this is my reason for paying a personal visit the day after tomorrow to two of the French departments which have been severely disabled by the storms .
I wonder why it is that the structural funds are not employed more efficiently .
Mr President , Commissioner , as my time is limited , I shall get straight to the point .
Mr President , I respond to an invitation yesterday afternoon by the President of the House to speak on behalf of my group on a matter referred to in the Minutes .
Mr President , I respond to an invitation yesterday afternoon by the President of the House to speak on behalf of my group on a matter referred to in the Minutes .
Looking at some of the press reports of last Friday , I believe that the Commission and its President exercised commendable self-restraint in the way they commented publicly .
But , Commissioner , none of this is to become less complicated in future - one only has to think of the challenges posed by the enlargement of the Union , the deepening of the internal market , technological progress , globalisation .
A Council regulation that is directly applicable law must also be observed by the regional governments .
There will also be the opportunity to find new common solutions and to analyse amendments from the committee debate .
We hope that the legal points of view will also be accorded the importance which is only reasonable in a state based on the rule of law .
Mr President , as a new Member I am pleased to be able to make my maiden speech here today , even though there has been a delay .
Parliament must have more involvement and I also believe that if we were to introduce a register in which we could ascertain what state aid is being granted , then this would encourage the Member States to be more disciplined .
We should do everything within our power to force the regions into a situation where they have to compete with each other .
We European Socialists are in favour of a market economy with a social purpose .
Finally , aid can enable restructuring , offer training , save jobs and thus know-how .
Finally , aid can enable restructuring , offer training , save jobs and thus know-how .
The Commission must track down the illegal aid and the aid which actually hinders the internal market .
The Commission must track down the illegal aid and the aid which actually hinders the internal market .
The von Wogau report proposes referring supervision of the legitimacy of individual cases to national level .
It forms a sound basis for discussion and is to be welcomed in this sense .
It forms a sound basis for discussion and is to be welcomed in this sense .
Frankly , I believe that this modernisation has been satisfactory .
If it functions well , if we are satisfied , if the Commission has basically acted correctly , why the need for the modification ?
I therefore believe that something is missing and I suggest that we establish more regulations , lay down clear rules , which will benefit all of us : businesspeople , investors , workers and the citizens in general .
Mr President , I would like to stress that , in an age of significant technological changes - just look at what is happening in the information technology sector and other sectors such as energy and transport - safeguarding competition will be of fundamental importance for our future .
I believe that the rapporteur is simply playing with figures .
I find it difficult to understand how he can index regional and social funds into this mathematical equation .
Mr President , in this important debate on competition , I am speaking this morning with particular reference to Mr Langen ' s document on the Steel Aid Code .
Aid that is based on the self-seeking ambitions of a nation gives companies unfair advantages , thus distorting competition and leading to an ineffective , uneconomic division of Europe ' s meagre resources .
Think of specialist , national courts with the option of direct appeal to a special competition court at the European Court .
We have heard some very thorough observations which both concern the philosophy of economic policy and are important for the institutional order .
I believe that this is a report for which cooperation between committees has worked very well , and the result , which we have received today , is moderate and thoughtful in a very delicate area .
We are all aware - and this Parliament has been the steadfast champion in this respect - of the need to protect the financial interests of the Community . But be careful .
We are all aware - and this Parliament has been the steadfast champion in this respect - of the need to protect the financial interests of the Community . But be careful .
We need to take this responsibility seriously .
We need to be able to prosecute people who commit fraud against the European Union .
I myself have been involved in the committee of inquiry on transit traffic .
But I will do what I can to see that Mrs Theato ' s report receives more support .
But the idea of a European Public Prosecutor , on the other hand , aims in the long term to confine the national states to a subordinate role in these matters .
So the legal framework , Mr President , is already in place .
So the legal framework , Mr President , is already in place .
The compatibility with the various national systems of law , as confirmed by experts , shows that criminal law is another area where Europe has a great deal in common , for example where the significance of the offences we have been discussing here is concerned .
The compatibility with the various national systems of law , as confirmed by experts , shows that criminal law is another area where Europe has a great deal in common , for example where the significance of the offences we have been discussing here is concerned .
So , unification in this small area .
The issue of the threat to the traditional legal system in Ireland and the UK needs to be addressed .
With this text we are undoubtedly forcing the issue , since we believe that there are points that must be resolved and it is important for Community fraud to be curbed , to be crushed .
On the other hand , I am not convinced that making the process more efficient in this way requires common European legislation or centralisation of the fight against crime .
On the other hand , I am not convinced that making the process more efficient in this way requires common European legislation or centralisation of the fight against crime .
Mr President , on a point of order I should like to ask you for clarification of the Rules of Procedure : namely Rules 133 ( 2 ) and 138 ( 4 ) . These are both about voting .
It is obvious that some presidents do not look at the hands , so to speak , but go straight to the electronic voting system .
It is obvious that some presidents do not look at the hands , so to speak , but go straight to the electronic voting system .
It therefore proved necessary , in the context of establishing the internal market , to adopt some measures intended to ensure better risk prevention .
It therefore proved necessary , in the context of establishing the internal market , to adopt some measures intended to ensure better risk prevention .
It therefore proved necessary , in the context of establishing the internal market , to adopt some measures intended to ensure better risk prevention .
Not only the difference in income per capita but , above all , large disparities in employment continue to give cause for concern .
I regard that as a very unsatisfactory state of affairs .
They must promote a decentralised , efficient and comprehensive partnership based on the skills and commitment of all sectors in regional and local authorities .
They must promote a decentralised , efficient and comprehensive partnership based on the skills and commitment of all sectors in regional and local authorities .
Jacques Delors was accustomed to saying that the market was short-sighted and hence the political need to reduce disparities .
Member States cannot be allowed to proclaim European solidarity in public while trying to undermine the single market in private .
But , on the other hand , the wider view must also be taken , namely that the initial decentralisation which has been begun today may , in the long term , lead to greater freedom to take the requirements of each country into account , and this will be of benefit to everyone .
The Members of Parliament from the Lutte Ouvrière Party shall not be voting in favour of these reports on European competition policy .
Eighteen million unemployed and 50 million poor people within the European Union , despite its being one of the wealthiest regions in the world : these are the results of this competition which the European institutions intend to promote .
We await the outcome with great interest .
We need the Member States to act quickly and decisively .
Mr President , every time there is a disaster of this kind people say it must never happen again .
As a politician she needs to remind her officials how difficult it would be were she to have to come back to this Parliament in a year , were a similar incident , just as devastating , to take place , if some of the measures she has proposed today were simply still remaining as fine words and she had not had the chance to put them into practice .
The thought of an incident of this kind occurring in the near future should concentrate her mind and the minds of her officials wonderfully .
The thought of an incident of this kind occurring in the near future should concentrate her mind and the minds of her officials wonderfully .
When will we see a return to cleanliness and the end of this devastating accident ? "
Indeed this disaster involving the Erika , like that of the Russian vessel in Turkey , moreover , is unacceptable and intolerable at a time when the ultimate hi-tech technology is available .
Indeed this disaster involving the Erika , like that of the Russian vessel in Turkey , moreover , is unacceptable and intolerable at a time when the ultimate hi-tech technology is available .
Finally , a compassionate thought for all the volunteers , nature lovers and bird lovers , who spontaneously and generously are coming through to the aid of the oil-covered birds , organising rescue operation with the means available .
Finally , a compassionate thought for all the volunteers , nature lovers and bird lovers , who spontaneously and generously are coming through to the aid of the oil-covered birds , organising rescue operation with the means available .
Allow me to say first that what we are talking about is an environmental catastrophe , which also impacts on the economy and threatens livelihoods .
Of course , we need double-hulled vessels .
The ship Erika has been investigated four times in the course of the last two years .
The controls must also be carried out in such a way that the inspector does not just go on board and check whether there are any fire extinguishers missing , rather there must be materials testing , for this ship obviously broke up on account of material fatigue .
It should be our goal to ensure that port state controls are not superficial , but include materials testing .
We , as the Committee on Transport , are prepared to discuss the Commission communication on the question of safety at sea and , of course , we are likewise prepared to discuss , at a later date , the legal implications of this communication .
We , as the Committee on Transport , are prepared to discuss the Commission communication on the question of safety at sea and , of course , we are likewise prepared to discuss , at a later date , the legal implications of this communication .
The implications for the environment and for the flora and fauna of the European maritime environment are enormous .
The cause of the disaster must be sought in the weakened structure of the oil tanker .
Construction of this type of ship was halted at the time because the risk of rusting was especially high .
Construction of this type of ship was halted at the time because the risk of rusting was especially high .
Would sanctions not be appropriate , as the Commissioner stated , for the classification society ?
There is currently little financial incentive for this when the insurance market picks up the tab .
Ultimately , the polluter must pay .
Before the end of March , I propose to present a communication in which I will possibly present legislative texts , that is to say , amendments of specific directives so that discussions may begin in the Council and in Parliament .
In my opinion , we now have to make a significant and urgent effort to confront new problems , also deriving from American legislation , which emphasise the safety of the transport of dangerous goods in the maritime sector .
In my opinion , we now have to make a significant and urgent effort to confront new problems , also deriving from American legislation , which emphasise the safety of the transport of dangerous goods in the maritime sector .
The towns concerned estimate that it will be spread over 40 years .
The towns concerned estimate that it will be spread over 40 years .
On the other hand , districts which have not been affected by the storms will also suffer , as the National Forestry Office has decided to freeze cuts in forestation for four years .
On the other hand , districts which have not been affected by the storms will also suffer , as the National Forestry Office has decided to freeze cuts in forestation for four years .
I would first like to express my heartfelt condolences to the families in mourning as a result of the appalling weather conditions that devastated Europe in December .
The hurricane of the same name swept across Europe claiming numerous victims , mainly in France and Germany , but also in Switzerland , leaving a trail of destruction in its wake .
Indeed the European Parliament must make it its business to uphold this right in hours of need .
This is an irreparable loss .
Nevertheless , the storms that took place in the last week of December showed us what the consequences can be and that there are major problems in store for us .
For we all know how long it takes a tree to grow .
I am of the view that the existing system of scientific advice needs to be strengthened .
This proactive approach should become the hallmark of the authority .
I can assure you here today that the Commission , in exercising its risk management functions , will fully take account of the scientific advice of the authority .
In this context we are also proposing to strengthen significantly the control function carried out by the food and veterinary office located in Dublin .
In this context we are also proposing to strengthen significantly the control function carried out by the food and veterinary office located in Dublin .
These proposals must be seen as part of our mission to have the highest food safety standards in the world , boost consumer confidence and increase markets for farmers and producers in the Union .
These proposals must be seen as part of our mission to have the highest food safety standards in the world , boost consumer confidence and increase markets for farmers and producers in the Union .
The Balkan Task Force was hampered by the fact that little or no information was available on the actual use of these weapons during the conflict .
In the environmental field we have just passed a directive on marine pollution .
I do not think there is any difference between us and the Ombudsman .
It has been submitted to Parliament and we expect Parliament ' s opinion next month .
During the course of our work on this report it became clear that there are persistent problems in the spending areas under the control of our budget .
Many of the general points raised in our committee 's report have been covered in Mrs van der Laan 's report .
So there is doubt as to whether these pledges of the Commission contain enough substance at this crucial time when decisions need to be made .
In that year , we voted against granting discharge .
My investigations also unfortunately suggest that this could be the case .
My investigations also unfortunately suggest that this could be the case .
A new independent audit system service must be set up .
We cannot continue with a situation where incompetence , mismanagement and fraud are costing the European taxpayers money and providing them with a poor service .
We need a system which provides incentives and promotion and we need to see this promotion based on merit .
Romano Prodi promised a revolution .
Mr President , I want to thank Commissioner Patten for his detailed account .
This has been interpreted as indicating that the Arab attitude towards Israel should be regarded by Europeans as being similar to the Nazis ' anti-Semitism , which of course is completely incorrect .
This is an exercise in sovereignty , and in democracy for each population and every individual , but to this end it is vital for all parties in the conflict to have the courage to strive for peace and rights , and to recognise the other as its partner and not as its subject to whom concessions must be given .
He was under the impression that the Syrians thought that , in exchange for the Golan Heights , all they had to do was to fax the Israelis a receipt .
We have presented the Council with a series of questions and I know that it is the will of the Portuguese Presidency to answer each and every one of them .
Alternatively , it could accept the offer of an agreement amongst the institutions , in order to move forward in another way .
I must stress once again the Portuguese Presidency ' s earnest desire for political agreement to be reached on the scoreboard at the informal Council in Lisbon on 3 and 4 March .
In 1999 , the Commission also presented its contribution towards a European action plan to combat drugs , which underpins the strategy approved by the Helsinki European Council .
Nevertheless , I must make it clear that all these actions will , of course , have to take into account the principles agreed at the Helsinki European Council concerning applicant countries , so that those applicants can cooperate and also be associated as quickly as possible with this project of creating an area of freedom , security and justice .
Secondly : the introduction of a Europe-wide fight against organised crime , including by Europol and Eurojust .
There is therefore an urgent need to grant Parliament codecision rights in this respect and , as we have already said , to strengthen the principle of democratic control .
It is essential to establish a single European system , but one based on fairness , full respect for the Geneva Convention and decent reception conditions , including an end to routine detention .
Last week , and somewhat by chance , I witnessed , at Roissy airport , a scene of rare violence in which two young women , admittedly illegal immigrants , were being returned to Conakry .
They were treated like the worst criminals .
Likewise , we cannot simply record the rise in xenophobic feelings in Europe and the increasingly common discrimination without taking wide-ranging action .
How do you intend to make our people understand that , today like always , immigration is a source of social and cultural wealth with a role which is , and will remain , essential in the context of population ?
The Euro , employment , even security , are not enough .
Mr President , I welcome much , indeed most , of what has been said in this debate .
I am sure that , with the willingness that you have shown today , the first thing you will do , in this new climate of understanding between us , will be to take account of the motion for a resolution which we will submit to you .
However , I would just like to add the following .
In this respect , the issue requires closer examination , because the sensitive situation in the Caucasus region could heighten people ' s suspicions .
Mr Sjöstedt , the answer that I gave was the only answer possible .
The European Parliament will have the opportunity to take part in the preparatory group for the next Intergovernmental Conference .
We thank Mr Seixas da Costa , but he can also write his letter to the three kings .
We thank Mr Seixas da Costa , but he can also write his letter to the three kings .
It could act as a kind of asset redistribution in a world where there is both increasing wealth and increasing poverty .
Such transactions , according to the argument , bear very little relation to fundamental economic variables . This has also just been underlined by Mr Désir .
Put more strongly , in the long term it is possible that for large numbers of funds , the Tobin tax will be evaded by shifting foreign exchange rate transactions to off-shore tax havens .
I have a serious problem with one of the central points of this resolution which we cannot accept as it stands .
That is what we are lacking , Commissioner : the political will to make a start in tackling speculation .
It has never been done in south-east Asia , it has never been done in Europe , and I can understand why Mr Karas from Austria has left the chamber , given Austria ' s financial record .
It has never been done in south-east Asia , it has never been done in Europe , and I can understand why Mr Karas from Austria has left the chamber , given Austria ' s financial record .
He said that globalisation is a positive phenomenon , and I share his view .
He said that globalisation is a positive phenomenon , and I share his view .
But I would be obliged if Mr Bolkestein would just listen for a minute , which I think he cannot do at the same time as talking to Mrs Randzio-Plath .
Please respect us as Members of Parliament who want to take our work seriously , and that includes the Tobin tax !
The next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
Your Parliament , may I suggest , Madame President , should wait to see if the party of Haider has an effect on the policies of that country .
Our understanding springs from the knowledge that our history of the recent past has bequeathed to us a political responsibility of special importance in the present .
The position taken by the presidency has shown that it is aware of this tragedy for civilisation .
He is a dangerous man .
We deplore , therefore , what is happening in Austria .
I say that in friendship and honour to my friend and colleague , Franz Fischler .
I say that in friendship and honour to my friend and colleague , Franz Fischler .
And , I am sure that we will also mention it explicitly when we work with this principle .
Whether or not the agenda will ultimately be widened is still the subject of debate and on this point I would like to extol the political conduct of the Portuguese Presidency , which has repeatedly made a commitment to the European Parliament to make the necessary efforts towards that end .
It seemed to us that the agenda lacked content , because our group was thinking in terms of the Treaty and , specifically , the protocol on the Union ' s institutions .
It seemed to us that the agenda lacked content , because our group was thinking in terms of the Treaty and , specifically , the protocol on the Union ' s institutions .
I thank the Commission for doing that even if , of course , I do not agree with everything the Commission said .
The European Union must also have the power to act in the event of a government electing to impose a total blockade .
I am convinced that this is an error of judgement .
Whether we want it or not , since Parliament itself is going to extinguish the only spotlight capable of shedding a little light on the debates , the venue for decisions is now going to move to the 15 Member States of the Union .
Article 56 of the Treaty , prohibiting currency speculation or any interference in the free movement of capital , must be removed so that damaging currency speculation may be checked by means of political control .
This contrasts most unfavourably with the United Kingdom courts where Spanish fishermen successfully brought an action against the United Kingdom Government in circumstances which were very comparable .
I would therefore like to ask the Commissioner , who was kind enough to make some comments about my remarks in the previous debate , to look into this and to report back to Parliament and to me their findings .
In the light of this sympathy , I would like to continue my response as follows .
I have been informed that the rapporteur has been delayed for several minutes .
There is very little in the way of appropriations to meet these targets , however .
Europe will also be able to achieve a leading position in the industry that supplies equipment needed for the exploitation of renewable energy .
An initial conciliation meeting was not successful , because the Council would not at that time accept an increase of EUR 1.9 million .
SAVE is the only Community-wide programme dedicated to promoting the rational use of energy .
Cultural diversity is important , and it is under threat .
According to the experts , few of these complete cars are of no value .
Also , it is a good thing that we should clearly lay the burden of responsibility with the manufacturer .
As manufacturers are responsible for the design , they can give a great deal of consideration to the environment at the conception phase .
With this directive , we have the chance to take a big step forward , but this presupposes that the Council ' s position is not torn to shreds and weakened in Parliament ' s reading of it .
In addition , car manufacturers need to produce and build these cars in such a way as to facilitate simple dismantling and re-use .
This is positive because , in that way , the nine million cars which are introduced each year onto European roads will actually be processed appropriately , and this will benefit us all .
Do not be fooled by the car manufacturers !
Mr President , Commissioner , this debate is not a technical debate , contrary to what we may think .
It is the manufacturer who has to provide the infrastructure and provide a reasonable part of the cost of disposal .
The common position does not preclude the possibility of contributions being made by government .
There are few things more certain in life than taxes , death and pollution .
In this light , the events we are seeing in Austria must be seen as tragic .
I fully support the statements made by Commissioner Prodi in today 's session .
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify this .
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify this .
Is there a Member who wishes to speak on behalf of the PPE in favour of this proposal ?
These proposals must include a number of elements , an overview of the cross-border or transnational priorities and strategies , a description of the measures necessary to their implementation and an indicative financial plan .
We therefore have unstable communities which are infiltrated with crime , drug-dealing and gangs .
Here , we wish to stress the need for the balanced involvement of women , and the agencies that represent them , in planning and implementing the URBAN initiative programmes .
Some areas within the European Union are economically very strong and heavily exceed the average income per capita .
Our response to rural decline has come late in the day , but I suppose better late than never .
INTERREG could well allow enhancement of such cooperation .
The development partnerships within the thematic fields , which are referred to in Amendment No. 22 , would enable even the smaller organisations to play a part in the EQUAL initiative .
Mr President , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , LEADER I was an outright success due , in particular , to the great flexibility of the administrative management between the Commission and the local operators .
Transnational strategies are intended to make it possible for disadvantaged groups to have access to jobs .
The Commission must therefore be the guarantor of the strategic framework for promoting ability to work and quality of work , of the assessment of results and of the effective communication of best practices .
Given the need to encourage young farmers to continue in farming it is vitally important that they are well-informed about developments in the common agricultural policy .
Given the need to encourage young farmers to continue in farming it is vitally important that they are well-informed about developments in the common agricultural policy .
Secondly , to promote and stimulate economic activity and social life within these historic centres , within these old quarters of our cities .
I have therefore asked my services to be willing to consider a reasonable increase in the number of towns eligible under the URBAN programme conditional upon certain guarantees , firstly on concentration - I am thinking particularly of the target areas which must have a minimum of 20 000 or , in exceptional cases , 10 000 inhabitants - and also upon the critical mass of funding : we must keep to EUR 500 per inhabitant so that the European Union action may be both effective and clear , and so that it does not resemble a sort of scattering
The Commission must continue along these lines .
The second subject is flexibility and simplification .
Since there has been great involvement and concern about how technical assistance is to be provided , we must say that external offices will be used .
We just need a bit more time to work out the details on the asylum question and I would therefore request that the vote be postponed from this morning .
We just need a bit more time to work out the details on the asylum question and I would therefore request that the vote be postponed from this morning .
In fact , this initiative was the subject of a very lively debate in committee , and , given that it is a major Commission proposal , which refers to the agreements we reached last year , I consider it admissible .
Lastly , an issue for which we are increasingly responsible , as the world ' s foremost economic and commercial power , that is , Europe ' s voice in the world , which does not simply mean adopting an active approach to the Millennium Round .
This is a fundamental way to increase and strengthen their confidence in us . I hope this will be demonstrated when we hold the next European elections .
We need more dialogue , not just with each other but also with civil society .
These financial perspectives are adjusted to within a millimetre .
To conclude , the next five years will be crucial .
You have excellent Commissioners for both issues in Mrs Palacio and Mr Barnier , yet still you attach too little importance to these areas .
Just look at transport policy ; clearly it is crucial for this policy to be drawn up as a economically and ecologically sensible policy before the accession of other countries .
From that standpoint , it is useful that the Commission ' s work programme comes back to the issues of Agenda 2000 , the common agricultural policy , which includes fishing , and secondly , the activities of the structural funds .
From that standpoint , it is useful that the Commission ' s work programme comes back to the issues of Agenda 2000 , the common agricultural policy , which includes fishing , and secondly , the activities of the structural funds .
I do not necessarily mean financial resources .
It is not easy to combine those aims . There is no obvious way .
In setting very ambitious long-term goals we must not take our eyes away from the present .
I want to remind Mr Prodi , and his colleagues who are still here , of the findings of the Commission ' s own survey among 3000 European businesses .
Is this really how we will answer the fundamental questions which are not so much about ' who does what ' but more ' what are we doing together ' ?
Is this really how we will answer the fundamental questions which are not so much about ' who does what ' but more ' what are we doing together ' ?
Again , this is a way that we can help create better opportunities for jobs and for prosperity .
Again , this is a way that we can help create better opportunities for jobs and for prosperity .
Nor was any mention made of information policy and communications catering to the needs of our citizens .
Truly European citizenship depends on our creating a real , visible area of training and culture .
What message can we send to the fishermen of Europe , and their families , and the fishing industries , both the extractive and processing and marketing industries , and the related and secondary industries which depend on fishing in so many European ports , in so many European regions , in most cases peripheral regions , who rightly demand that this problem be dealt with as a priority ?
What message can we send to the fishermen of Europe , and their families , and the fishing industries , both the extractive and processing and marketing industries , and the related and secondary industries which depend on fishing in so many European ports , in so many European regions , in most cases peripheral regions , who rightly demand that this problem be dealt with as a priority ?
Madam President , I hope that it is a good omen that there are still a few i 's left for me to dot .
Madam President , I hope that it is a good omen that there are still a few i 's left for me to dot .
However , we have acknowledged that this is an innovative and very welcome initiative by the Commission .
One area that I want to focus on , in addition to those already identified , is that of cultural diversity in Europe .
One area that I want to focus on , in addition to those already identified , is that of cultural diversity in Europe .
One area that I want to focus on , in addition to those already identified , is that of cultural diversity in Europe .
Will you do everything in your power to ensure that such last-minute cancellations do not happen again ?
Mr President , first of all let me say that I am in full support of a statute for assistants .
They have more first-hand knowledge of social needs . They have more involvement in the problems and , furthermore , they know how to conceive projects and implement them effectively without weighing them down with bureaucracy , and thereby achieve better results .
The Commission should also pay attention to coherence between the various policies which are in place . It should make URBAN projects coherent with future projects in budget lines entitled ' sustainable urban policy ' .
Clearly some people are profiting from the opportunity to indulge in another budget bidding race which is particularly mistimed when the convergence criteria for EMU are imposing a very strict slimming regime on the national budgets .
The European Parliament has delivered an opinion on the Commission guidelines for the INTERREG Community Initiative concerning cross-border , transnational and interregional cooperation .
However , I must point out that preventing the recognition of maritime borders amounts to denying the existence of an area which has great potential for projects and innovation .
However , I must point out that preventing the recognition of maritime borders amounts to denying the existence of an area which has great potential for projects and innovation .
This partnership has ensured peace and stability in our part of Europe for over 50 years .
Yet after the serious dioxin crisis which affected Belgium and other European countries last summer we cannot just view this issue in terms of competition .
He has an onerous undertaking but he has responded quickly and effectively to the requirements of this House , as well as to the concern of consumers .
We were recently rapped on the knuckles by the Commission regarding this matter .
Is this an element in the radical decentralisation which Mr Prodi talked about this morning ?
We will try to address them , but it is not easy .
We will try to address them , but it is not easy .
I thank the Commissioner for his reply to my question .
An in-depth environmental impact assessment had been carried out .
I should like to make it plain that our programme reflects that intention , but there is certainly room for improvement .
You say there will be no further funding .
However , things are really quite different .
I believe that access to clean drinking water without charge is a basic human right in the developed as well as the developing world .
Fifthly , to publish an annual scientific , technical and financial assessment of LIFE operations carried out .
This social convergence is a process which will continue for a long period .
The path which the Commission is walking is , in fact , obvious .
Social policy must facilitate employment , creating incentives for employers and employees to , respectively , provide and accept jobs .
If the new Lomé Convention is simply put into operation , without eradicating all these inconsistencies from the policy , the policy will then be built on shifting sands - to use a biblical expression .
We have been saying this ourselves since back in 1992 : this is the topic of this debate .
We have been saying this ourselves since back in 1992 : this is the topic of this debate .
At some time or another , there will be a revolt , and it will be fully justified .
I shall conclude with a few words about the Internet revolution .
What could be the cause of this ?
Far too often , artificial fertiliser , veterinary medication and a host of other items are provided to farmers free of charge .
I cannot help but wonder why the Commission has not done more .
Lastly , the Commission has , in the recent past , had trouble managing the funds for development and humanitarian aid transparently , as Mrs Maes has just reminded us so opportunely .
. I sense some degree of frustration in many of the contributions to this debate .
. I sense some degree of frustration in many of the contributions to this debate .
We will furnish more detailed material relating directly to all the issues concerning coherence .
Subsistence farming is not based on price calculations , it is based on the hope of rain in the next season .
These are real problems , but they have all been dealt with .
We want to encourage a process of transition to democracy and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
The European Parliament has relayed their concerns and they have been heard .
They see a never-ending series of local wars . They see some of our children drafted into the army as soldiers , or treated as prostitutes or slaves .
These developments are encouraging but do not detract from the fact that the situation of human rights in the world remains very disquieting .
Both in Rwanda and Kosovo , the UN , despite the many warnings , appeared to be overtaken by events and stood by as a helpless observer of the massacres , as President Havel pointed out this afternoon .
Human rights do not exist in isolation , they are connected to our development policies , our economic policies , our home affairs policies , indeed they are at the very heart of our democratic functions .
Mr President , " Europe stands for ideals , values and principles .
In an extraordinarily edifying speech , characterised by wisdom , historical knowledge , an understanding of the human heart and insight into Europe ' s spiritual and Christian heritage , he pointed to sources of inspiration for our work on human justice and human dignity .
We all know that special care is needed to ensure that Cyprus is brought successfully into the European Union , and the decisions taken at Helsinki give an added dimension to this debate , with the acceptance of Turkey as a candidate country .
We must reward those nations which are making the effort to live by the rules of good governance .
The Lomé Convention essentially benefits a few large industrial or financial conglomerates , which continue to pillage those countries and perpetuate their economic dependence , notably on the former colonial powers .
They have suffered enough , first under the Soviet yoke and then from the high price they paid for being forced to become part of the communist bloc .
It is true that the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia still has a long way to go , but , given the political and economic reforms already made in the context of the cooperation agreement , and with transitional periods accepted for certain domains , the country will be able to fulfil the conditions for a stabilisation and association agreement .
I think it is a good thing that so many of us are expressing support for the approach he has adopted in it .
I think it is a good thing that so many of us are expressing support for the approach he has adopted in it .
We have always been of the opinion that these criteria should be stringently met.
That being so , I believe the final result will be better .
That being so , I believe the final result will be better .
This draft decision therefore lays down a set of minimum standards intended to harmonise criminal law in this field and make its application by each Member State simpler and more effective .
Mr President , this draft framework decision represents the first time a common proposal on crime has been put forward , with legislation to be applied by all fifteen Member States at the same time .
On a subject as important as counterfeiting and protection against counterfeiting and harmonising the necessary criminal law provisions we cannot really work at the ridiculous pace the Council is demanding of us .
Of course , the European Central Bank has been looking into the matter for a very long time .
They are very important in this case .
The second proposal expands the role which these important intermediary organisations can play within the EU capital markets in terms of developing the investment funds sector .
Again as regards the reversal of the burden of proof , something which is recognised in international , fundamental law , the presumption of innocence is essential .
Again as regards the reversal of the burden of proof , something which is recognised in international , fundamental law , the presumption of innocence is essential .
The text we have is the result of the mixture of the institutional set-ups foreseen for judicial cooperation in criminal matters under both the Maastricht and Amsterdam Treaties respectively .
. ( FR ) I share the overriding sense of deep and keen dissatisfaction expressed during the debate .
We shall vote against these objectives , because we are fighting against this policy both in Parliament and on the streets .
It is essential that these groups are able to obtain the limited resources they require to be effective .
The first is to create new jobs for young people entering the labour market and the second is not to lose jobs .
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
It is up to the European Parliament to protect vulnerable people .
We have received reports from human rights organisations saying that Russian soldiers killed and apparently even executed citizens - I am talking about old men and women - in Grozny .
Social growth has occurred only in those areas where the tourist market has given rise to the development of all the activities required to meet the needs of visiting tourists , thus creating an entire productive system .
The problem for some of us , however , is the lack of specification of the extent of the legal base and of just how it would relate to considerations of subsidiarity .
There are hundreds of thousands of people who earn their living at the Post Office .
Mr President , the task of the post office is to ensure that , every day , the post is delivered everywhere , be it in the city or in remote , rural areas , at the same tariff .
We , Euskal Herritarrok , have regretted many times the loss of human lives .
I am also grateful , at the risk of being repetitive , to Mrs Theato for the consistent attention that she has given to these matters and indeed the way in which , if she will allow me to say so , she played midwife to many of the changes which we are now contemplating .
This Military Committee , as you can imagine , will have various duties .
Few initiatives within the European Union can have been progressed with such determination , drive and commitment as has been achieved in crisis management since Helsinki .
Secondly , we have to be able to establish a smooth and transparent relationship with NATO . The operations to be carried out in the future will be of three types .
Secondly , we have to be able to establish a smooth and transparent relationship with NATO . The operations to be carried out in the future will be of three types .
However , I would prefer , Madam President , to stop at this point and allow questions to be asked so that I have time to answer them .
Finally , I should like to join you in expressing my pleasure at the incredible unity and speed with which this new form of cooperation is being set in motion .
Finally , I should like to join you in expressing my pleasure at the incredible unity and speed with which this new form of cooperation is being set in motion .
He was just as pleased and pleasantly surprised as yourself at the fact that it had been possible to agree about so much .
Every day the news brings more proof of our subservience .
The Czech Defence Minister , for example , shares this opinion . In the autumn of last year , the latter stated : " Security within Europe is not divisible .
Because our borders do not stop at the Mediterranean Sea .
Mr President , allow me to start with the conquest of Kosovo .
Do you think that any of these issues could be included , at least in the agenda of the current Conference ?
Mrs Pack did that in her remarks and anywhere that she is prepared to blaze a trail I think the rest of us should be courageous enough to follow .
The last century was marked by three periods .
And a woman was elected .
But the figures tell the true story .
It is crucial we accept that there is a price to pay if women are to have equality in the short term .
In 1910 , a woman ' s right to vote was on the agenda .
That is why we are justified in stating that the use of quotas , as a transitional measure , contributes to balancing out the participation of men and women , particularly in political life .
Here again , Commissioner , the ball is in your court .
Finally , I would like to say that it is now essential that we also raise this issue at the Intergovernmental Conference .
That simply amounts to acknowledging their inferiority .
Furthermore , we want values that women consider important , such as peace , fraternity , equality , justice , security and environmental protection , to be the guiding spirit for life in the European Union and , if possible , throughout the world .
In an article entitled " If women ruled the world " , he maintains that if women were more involved in politics , the world would certainly not be so wedded to violence .
I have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) .
There are thousands and thousands of displaced persons , a large number of dead , a lack of food and drinking water , and homes and crops have been destroyed .
Something more robust than a call to surrender to the fatalities of the market economy , something more decent than opposing dutiful aims but denying them the means of their realisation .
But let us not forget that there is another one , a new handicap , with the single currency .
It is as simple as that .
When we submitted our report , we referred to the risks posed by growth .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
I regret to say that this report , due to its link with the environment , seems to have provided an occasion for those with this type of view to introduce their own particular misconceptions .
Let us not forget that fish are at the very basis of our food chain and that the first ' environmental ' disaster , Minamata disease , occurred in 1958 in Japan owing to the fact that fish were polluted by mercury .
Let us not forget that fish are at the very basis of our food chain and that the first ' environmental ' disaster , Minamata disease , occurred in 1958 in Japan owing to the fact that fish were polluted by mercury .
We must now get down to adopting measures , Commissioner .
This is a very serious problem which the European Union , as an economic , commercial , industrial and fishing power , must tackle .
The current compensation funds are inadequately funded and this was all too apparent in the case of the Braer disaster where the Shetland Islands fishing industry was inadequately compensated for their losses .
In my opinion , it seems preferable to await the findings of the tripartite working group , to be convened on the initiative of Israel , the European Commission and also the Palestinians for the purpose of examining the origin rules .
Only women are in a position to come up with policies likely to change structures which have been developed by men for men .
Only women are in a position to come up with policies likely to change structures which have been developed by men for men .
Women must be entitled to full time employment on an equal footing with men .
It is not in fact a matter , as some would have us believe , of challenging the policy of stability we adopted some years ago .
We have therefore voted against the report in its present form , as all the amendments we tabled were rejected . I would like to highlight the following :
If we want to halt inflation by raising oil prices , we must take action at both European and national levels to improve these services , and the same applies to financial and banking services .
The most important issue , however , is developing mature interpersonal relationships in the family , at work , in society and in international relations .
The growth in media , mobile radio communication and software was not able to compensate for the job losses in the telecommunications sector and in the electronics industry , and for the rationalisation resulting from the introduction of information technology in other sectors of the economy .
We must not build a Europe of the haves and the have-nots .
Other Member States are experiencing limited growth , widespread unemployment and fixed prices .
Other Member States are experiencing limited growth , widespread unemployment and fixed prices .
We have a few countries in Europe , including Denmark , the Netherlands and Ireland , which rivalled the United States in terms of sound performance in the field of employment .
Mr President , Prime Minister Guterres has been most convincing .
According to current dogma , salary increases must remain well below increases in productivity , or inflation will rise again .
I have seen IT companies which are unbelievably spoiled .
I believe , Mr President-in-Office , that we cannot eliminate the shortcomings by setting up more observatories as is planned at present .
What is needed , in this regard , are stronger measures , which do not yet feature in the Commission ' s work programme , but to which you could give some impetus . This , it seems to me , would send out an extremely important signal .
To give an example , in Europe we have a textile industry .
With regard to what Mr Guterres has said about Internet access in every school , on the network connecting all the peripheral areas , this is not an obligation which can be left exclusively to the market because , quite simply , the market does not operate like this and , on the other hand , without this we will not attain the new and requisite targets for production development .
So far , there remains , however , a lot to be done in terms of developing methods .
It is true that we are not specifying what percentage will have to be paid by the ships arriving at the port .
The only difference of opinion is over how best to achieve this goal .
My particular thanks go to all those who work with such dedication in this field in the committee , in the Commission and in the Council .
A major cause of concern in the European Union area is the poor state of the trucks coming from Eastern Europe . They need to be dealt with strictly .
I have therefore been caught completely off guard by this , and have not even had the chance to draw up the lists of votes and to see whether there are any roll-calls or not .
It was with some incredulity that I found myself faced with these various draft resolutions from each of the groups , all of them very much resembling shopping lists of differing lengths and ingredients .
It was with some incredulity that I found myself faced with these various draft resolutions from each of the groups , all of them very much resembling shopping lists of differing lengths and ingredients .
Now , I am not particularly radical or revolutionary , but it seemed to my colleagues that this process lacked something , especially at a time when we are trying to reconnect Europe with its citizens , when we want them to be clear about what we are doing here .
However , this has not reached the compromise resolution , so we wish now to put down a clear marker for the future about how this process should be conducted .
What we would like to do is catch the imagination of Europe 's citizens .
Whatever the reform , it is vitally important that smaller Member States retain their right to nominate a Member of the Commission .
I also want to insist that Parliament ' s views and wishes on postal services , often stated in this chamber , are taken fully into account in any new proposals .
This debate has clearly revealed the vital importance of our cooperation .
This , therefore is our destiny , and our task is to create a Europe which is increasingly able to play a proper role .
Indeed the 1973 directive , which prohibited the use of vegetable fats other than cocoa butter , was intended to safeguard this quality .
ACP cocoa-producing countries would experience a considerable reduction in their market and their income .
There will perhaps be a discreet entry , in small letters on the back of the package , indicating its new composition .
There will perhaps be a discreet entry , in small letters on the back of the package , indicating its new composition .
Europe must not become an accomplice in cheating , in the manipulation of food , at a time when food safety is becoming one of its priorities .
It must ensure the quality of food products and consumer health .
A tiny piece of difficult-to-read information , hidden on the back of the product wrapper .
In short , chocolate is a dividing factor and the divisions are neither ideological nor even national , whatever some parties might think .
Sixty-six months to carry out a study of the impact of this directive , such a time period is enough to cause irreparable damage to the export structures of these countries .
The producers of cocoa beans , namely the small farmers in the poor third-world countries , are vulnerable .
It must also be said that ' clearing ballast ' at sea is unfortunately to a very great extent exempt from the charging system . Only inspections at sea and more frequent inspections of vessels docking in ports would be likely to reduce the amount of dumping at sea .
It must also be said that ' clearing ballast ' at sea is unfortunately to a very great extent exempt from the charging system . Only inspections at sea and more frequent inspections of vessels docking in ports would be likely to reduce the amount of dumping at sea .
Even where the Union has no authority at all , policy measures which may be taken by or on behalf of the European Union can still infringe fundamental rights .
I am particularly pleased to have the opportunity to reply to Mr van den Bos on anti-personnel mines today .
But overall I can assure the honourable Member that we will be involving NGOs as much as possible .
But my main concern in asking the question - and I do not feel this has been fully dealt with - is over this matter of exactly what " essential products " means .
It was intended to offer an explanation of the fact that a good deal of the work has already been done because , thanks to the most favoured nation clause , we inherit everything that the previous negotiator has achieved .
Eco-labelling is moving on from forest products and detergents to computers and household appliances , but why stop there ?
Amendment No 5 proposes four ways of making the fee structure more flexible and easier for those who apply to be accepted .
We are all conscious of the need to reduce the volume of waste now disposed of in landfill sites and every effort must be made to find more environmentally friendly alternatives .
We are all conscious of the need to reduce the volume of waste now disposed of in landfill sites and every effort must be made to find more environmentally friendly alternatives .
Above all we want to save fossil fuels .
Unfortunately , this is going to give environment policy a bad name .
They say : " We are turning waste into energy - is n't that wonderful ? " when in actual fact they are trying to hoodwink the public into believing that this is something that is ecologically sound .
In Finland and some other countries the sorting of waste in close proximity to where it originates is very advanced .
People are sensitised today and have fears of a high level of air pollution and the illnesses which can result and so the policy must also create completely clear framework conditions to limit the risk .
Both directives constitute a firm basis for the sustainable treatment of the waste hierarchy , with improved preventative measures , better recycling and environmentally safe deposition of waste .
The universality of human rights shows that the degree to which they are applied has become a measure of progress , civilisation and culture in politics and society .
The world has also witnessed a growing number of wars in which weapons have deliberately been aimed at civilians and the purpose of which has been to annihilate specific groups in society .
The world has also witnessed a growing number of wars in which weapons have deliberately been aimed at civilians and the purpose of which has been to annihilate specific groups in society .
The European Community was formed in order to prevent the atrocities of the Second World War from occurring again .
But that cannot be the end of the story and there are measures proposed in the field of education , media and politics , and justice in policing , immigration and asylum policy , which would be aimed to back up the implementation of legislation .
Quite the opposite , in fact : a common social threat requires a common , political effort .
For example , the right to immigration does not exist .
The rights of homosexuals have been given more attention than is necessary , and all kinds of requirements have been imposed on the Member States .
The report also criticises the fact that Austria has not yet ratified the 1998 European Charter for Minority Languages .
Consumers require clear and specific information .
We should not just aim to combat discrimination and change people ' s mentality . We also need to address the causes of discrimination .
Roma often live in areas where everyone is struggling .
We will look , in the Commission , at ways in which we can contribute to the search for a solution .
The attitude adopted by some Member States towards the Austrian Government related to their negative perception of the new Austrian Government , which does not affect the Community framework .
But the fact remains that this is a choice and not an obligation .
The human being not only needs to be given the means to live , but also , and above all , he needs the reasons to live .
We call on the government of Morocco to stop repression , lift the state of emergency and permit freedom of expression .
These questions must also be asked given the imminence of the approaching European Union / Africa Summit , so that we can communicate better on this issue out of common concern for solidarity .
Aircraft , helicopters , food and medicine must be available on demand and at a moment ' s notice .
Aircraft , helicopters , food and medicine must be available on demand and at a moment ' s notice .
We condemn the continuing human rights violations , the religious fanaticism , the sabotage and the terrorism .
The mover of the motion had the foresight to withdraw the motion before the vote .
To devote as many resources as possible to good relations is a wise policy .
Consumers often lack confidence because they do not know what is happening .
We propose to test a minimum number of 65 000 animals per year in the whole Community , and the testing will start in January 2001 .
So all these factors must be looked at together .
As a producer , it is in my interest to restore consumer confidence in the production of cattle and sheep and related products .
Surely it is better to take them out of the food chain ?
I fully support the necessary standards to protect the health and quality of life for our citizens .
Now surely a genuine refugee ' s priority is to get out of the particular country , not to get into one .
Another error is that questions relating to asylum and those relating to emigration have been dealt with in the same way .
What we need is a major rethink about management of operations and that involves all the institutions exploring alternative ways and embracing new information technologies wholeheartedly .
The Internet is a tool , not a magic wand .
Allow me to say a few words on the overall increase in the size of the budget .
We must be united , determined and resolute in our reaction , remembering that the embryo is a unique human being .
I believe that the work which is being carried out in Edinburgh is not permitted by national law in some other Member States .
The fact is , to have any impact on migratory flows , it is necessary to act on their indirect causes .
We must also fight on those grounds because there will always be unscrupulous people around to exploit human poverty .
Genetic information can only be discovered , it cannot be invented .
Our plans , therefore , remain unchanged , and this means that if , on Friday , the necessary 209 Members are not present , then the vote will not take place .
So , I have the proposal regarding Zimbabwe .
What is needed is prevention , in order to counter their activities and to dismantle their networks .
The Dutch police have drawn up a file of several hundred children from a CD-ROM containing 10 000 images or sequences of child pornography available on the Internet .
All the additives given on this list are authorised ; any not included are , by the same token , prohibited .
In consideration of the fact that this involves deception of the consumer rather than improving the situation for the consumer , our opinion is that this additive must not be accepted .
Mr President , I share in principle the opinion of the rapporteur that new additives in foodstuffs should not be approved if there is no actual need for them .
Transparency and openness mean - and this is my clear call - that we must apply the same yardstick to all the institutions .
