I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .
At the request of a French Member , Mr Zimeray , a petition has already been presented , which many people signed , including myself .
I admit that , at present , the matter seems to be somewhat confused .
There is , in fact , a risk of a military coup in the future .
We therefore respect whatever Parliament may decide .
This is an important matter .
I should like to make just a few comments .
A further amendment allows the Member States to impose more stringent requirements , in particular for vacuum tanks , if work is done or goods are transported as a priority in temperatures well below -20 ºC .
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .
My amendments concern the frost-resistance ratings for tankers carrying these dangerous goods .
Mr President , with your permission I should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate .
Very large quantities of dangerous goods are transported around the EU , both on roads and railways and by sea .
Very large quantities of dangerous goods are transported around the EU , both on roads and railways and by sea .
This is extraordinarily positive , and there is cause to thank the rapporteur , Mr Koch , for the work he has put in on this issue .
This is also important where the prerequisites for the internal market are concerned .
I should like to conclude by commenting on a third matter which is also of significance , namely an amendment tabled by Member of Parliament , Mr Ari Vatanen .
In many ways , the prerequisites differ from one Member State to another .
We have referred to the delay by the CEN , the amendment of certain provisions , the consistency between the text of the directive and the content of the annexes and the need to for it to be more specific .
We have seen poverty growing in Wales ; and growing still further since 1997 .
Another matter we would like to address , specifically from the point of view of industrial policy , is that we would have liked the Commission to pay more attention to the effects of services , electronic commerce and the growing use of the Internet , when they were planning the coordination of Structural Funds and Cohesion Funds .
Finally , as the committee representing energy , we would have liked the issue of support for renewable energy resources from Cohesion and Regional Development funds to have been emphasised still more , thus , through a process of coordination , increasing the use of renewables so that the scant funding resources in the energy programme might have been compensated by means of these more substantial sums .
Also , in order to attain our objectives , to overcome the disparities between regions and to seek out sources of employment , it is crucial to give our complete support to new technologies , to transport and communications networks and to renewable energies .
Funds have often been granted for projects which have had no lasting benefit for the area concerned .
Mr President , we should not forget that the main , strategic objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and of their coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion .
We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .
The second challenge is that of enlargement which will , of course , have a considerable impact , both in budgetary and geographical terms .
The second challenge is that of enlargement which will , of course , have a considerable impact , both in budgetary and geographical terms .
Let us not forget either that greater consideration should be given to the islands and remote regions of the European Union because their geographical location is a hindrance to their economic and social development , unless of course the Commission is intending to build bridges or underwater tunnels linking them to the European mainland .
This is the purpose of these guidelines .
I would thank you for your understanding in this matter .
And finally , in conclusion , our demand regarding the future responsibilities of the European Parliament in the matters we are discussing , competition policy and state aid , in the context of the Intergovernmental Conference .
We all know that so far the Council has dragged its feet with regard to follow-up regulations of this kind .
On the market , the balance of power between supply and demand are generally to the detriment of the weakest parties , consumers and workers .
On the market , the balance of power between supply and demand are generally to the detriment of the weakest parties , consumers and workers .
On the market , the balance of power between supply and demand are generally to the detriment of the weakest parties , consumers and workers .
The Internet is not a product of the market , but the result of research financed by the American army .
The Internet is not a product of the market , but the result of research financed by the American army .
Workers are facing a massive attack on their employment and social rights .
In principle , only horizontal regulations are permissible because they do not distort , or hardly distort , competition .
In principle , only horizontal regulations are permissible because they do not distort , or hardly distort , competition .
It was therefore necessary to facilitate this approach .
It is therefore necessary to continue to limit state aid for research , development , environmental protection and cases of company closure .
It is therefore necessary to continue to limit state aid for research , development , environmental protection and cases of company closure .
The Commission report confirms that , with the exception of Germany , state aid to businesses is increasing .
Mr President , today ' s debate is extremely important because the principle of competition has probably been the cornerstone of the internal market .
Safeguarding the social function of the market is what makes the difference between free trade , pure and simple , and a system for improving people ' s quality of life .
Mr President , competition is at the heart of the European internal market policy and is also its driving force .
Commissioner , it is impossible to overstate the importance of this reform .
In the near future - and I can assure you of this - you will see just how seriously we mean to take these rules .
In the near future - and I can assure you of this - you will see just how seriously we mean to take these rules .
Competition is not an end in itself , as Mr Rapkay rightly pointed out , but it plays an extremely important role in European integration .
Competition is not an end in itself , as Mr Rapkay rightly pointed out , but it plays an extremely important role in European integration .
Protection under criminal law of the Union 's financial interests
After five years only four have done so .
This state of deadlock , which threatens to undermine the credibility of the Union , has inspired Parliament to initiate the setting-up of a European Public Prosecutor ' s Office .
This state of deadlock , which threatens to undermine the credibility of the Union , has inspired Parliament to initiate the setting-up of a European Public Prosecutor ' s Office .
This state of deadlock , which threatens to undermine the credibility of the Union , has inspired Parliament to initiate the setting-up of a European Public Prosecutor ' s Office .
We would like to make two recommendations arising from the establishment of OLAF and which should safeguard its operational and legal efficiency , transparency , and the protection of the rights of individuals .
The proposal for a legislative act of this kind should contain an independent statute for this body and define its tasks , which are confined to inquiries and criminal prosecution undertaken by OLAF into activities which are to the detriment of the Union ' s financial interests , and to OLAF ' s relationship with the national authorities .
The question is : who prosecutes ?
I think it is a first-class report which will , for the most part , be supported by my group .
One of the major problems in this area was that if you do something wrong , especially when it comes to revenue of the European Union , then this will be termed an irregularity in one country and a crime in another .
So far , however , the European institutions have not had sufficient means at their disposal to take vigorous action here , to ensure that implementation actually takes place and that matters are remedied .
According to the Theato report , the European Public Prosecutor is needed , in particular , in order to better support the inquiries of the anti-fraud office , OLAF .
The credibility of the efforts we make here in Parliament to employ our finances properly stands and falls with the efforts we make to deal with such scandals and prevent them from arising in the future .
Now it is , of course , possible to take the view that criminal law and criminal proceedings law are intrinsically matters pertaining to the law of the Member States and it is quite unthinkable that they should be governed by the principle of subsidiarity .
On the other hand , we can go a long way using the existing tools .
An alternative to the European Public Prosecutor could be Eurojust , as proposed at the last Summit .
I nonetheless agree with the rapporteur that it is quite unacceptable that most Member States should still not have ratified this Agreement .
Ninety per cent of cases would be disciplinary matters concerning negligence or incompetence .
Ninety per cent of cases would be disciplinary matters concerning negligence or incompetence .
I nonetheless agree with the rapporteur that it is quite unacceptable that most Member States should still not have ratified this Agreement .
At the moment , Article 52 of the staff regulations concerning dismissal on the grounds of gross negligence is never used .
It is , in fact , something very positive .
This issue needs to be explored further in both cultural and practical terms .
This issue needs to be explored further in both cultural and practical terms .
On the other hand , I am not convinced that making the process more efficient in this way requires common European legislation or centralisation of the fight against crime .
It therefore proved necessary , in the context of establishing the internal market , to adopt some measures intended to ensure better risk prevention .
Until then , there is really no point in Member States amending their national regulations .
Let me remind you that the Erika was sailing under a flag of convenience , that of a state applying for membership of the European Union .
Mr President , in the course of the last few years there has been a succession of serious tanker disasters world-wide and the countermeasures taken have either been ineffective or not worth mentioning .
If we succeed in this then perhaps we will be better off in a few years ' time !
If we succeed in this then perhaps we will be better off in a few years ' time !
It happened to sink there , and Brittany , where I come from , should not apologise for the fact that geography has made it a peninsula , and the result is that it is often forced to clear up after shipwrecks .
I would like to express my sympathy with all those who are dealing with the consequences of the breaking up and sinking of the oil tanker Erika .
I believe that we can and must improve the existing legislation in this regard .
On the other hand , Parliament is issuing a resolution in one vote , for which we can see the agreement amongst the various speakers who have preceded me .
On the other hand , Parliament is issuing a resolution in one vote , for which we can see the agreement amongst the various speakers who have preceded me .
Public opinion would find it hard to understand that we talk about a common judicial area , common airspace , a common rail area and a single market , but not a common maritime area .
Where the scheme falters is in the enforcement of existing legislation .
But how are we now going to enforce this if there is indeed a lack of inspectors , esteemed European Commission ?
I have been fighting for a European environmental coastguard service for almost ten years , here in Parliament .
If this disaster had taken place in Guatemala or Turkey , we could have immediately used the Community budget to help the victims , but in our own countries nothing of the kind is possible because there is no suitable budget line with which to do so .
The entire taxation system must be given an environmental perspective in the medium term .
We can no longer tolerate a situation where the general public has to foot the bill for damage that has often been caused by individuals involved in criminal machinations .
We can no longer tolerate a situation where the general public has to foot the bill for damage that has often been caused by individuals involved in criminal machinations .
It is a scandalous state of affairs that must be ended with all haste , and I hope that February does not see this dossier being postponed yet again !
It has become clear that mankind continues to be unable to avoid natural disasters .
It has become clear that mankind continues to be unable to avoid natural disasters .
It has become clear that mankind continues to be unable to avoid natural disasters .
Mr President , I think we should firstly express our sorrow for the victims .
It is regrettable that we do not have any instrument with which to give assistance in situations like this .
So there was not much sympathy for this budget line when it was abolished .
For it is common knowledge that we could have an even greater disaster on our hands if the fallen timber were to be left in the forests too long .
I thank the Commissioner and support him very much in his European protection force .
All of these measures are designed to make it more coherent , understandable and flexible .
Our objective is to put in place a coherent and up-to-date body of food law by the end of 2002 .
We must also ensure excellence and transparency .
They may not be transferred in their present form or structure - this is an issue on which we will elicit views before making our definitive proposals on the authority 's establishment .
It was only last year that the Treaty was amended to give Parliament a much greater role in the legislative process .
We look forward to a fruitful dialogue with you on this .
Of course , we are not in a position to dictate anything in terms of content , but I would insist on Parliament retaining the rights accorded it under Maastricht and Amsterdam , and even extending them .
This is an issue which I expect will be discussed between Parliament and the Commission over the next few weeks and months .
This is an issue which I expect will be discussed between Parliament and the Commission over the next few weeks and months .
There may be a number of views on that .
I am happy that he raised it because it is particularly important for this authority to have a high profile .
As you can see , half-an-hour is not really anything like enough time for such a session .
As you can see , half-an-hour is not really anything like enough time for such a session .
The newspaper reports that the honourable Member made reference to seem to me to be misleading and inaccurate .
The newspaper reports that the honourable Member made reference to seem to me to be misleading and inaccurate .
The newspaper reports that the honourable Member made reference to seem to me to be misleading and inaccurate .
Both documents , that is the Commission 's document and the Ombudsman 's draft , cover largely the same ground .
It would appear that we are in agreement about this .
What is the Commission prepared to do to ensure that unit managers and more senior managers go through the necessary gender training ?
This assistance has delivered benefits in all sectors , in particular agriculture , infrastructure development , the private economy and the strengthening of institutions .
This assistance has delivered benefits in all sectors , in particular agriculture , infrastructure development , the private economy and the strengthening of institutions .
Over the same period , Kyrgyzstan received EUR 17 million .
We are contributing to programmes in the region which have some ecological impact .
Could the Commission please tell Parliament the circumstances and the groups within Article 13 ( TEU ) likely to be effected by such an exemption ?
In the example which you mentioned , it is only logical that the teacher in a Catholic school should be Catholic .
In the example which you mentioned , it is only logical that the teacher in a Catholic school should be Catholic .
Social exclusion , the programme for women , the efforts we are making in the social protection area , everything needs to be looked at now in the light of the new reality of the information society .
Of course , it is particularly important for people with special needs to have access to means of transport , services and all types of installation if they are to exercise their right to freedom of movement .
Of course , it is particularly important for people with special needs to have access to means of transport , services and all types of installation if they are to exercise their right to freedom of movement .
It is of course a prerequisite , however , that there be financial resources and means of actually crossing the borders physically if you have a disability .
What it says it that one of two things may apply , i.e. either the legislation in the host country or the collective agreements which have been declared to be the rules universally applicable to a specific sector .
The Commissioner , Mrs Schreyer , is not here yet , but I hope , and expect , that she will arrive in the next few minutes .
The Commission should now produce an ambitious and far-reaching reform programme .
It should no longer be the case that , although Europe is an economic power , we have no political influence because , when the chips are down , we cannot offer effective aid to areas which desperately need it .
The first is a tendency for the Commission to embark on very ambitious programmes , particularly in third countries , without sufficient assessment of the practicalities of implementation and proper resourcing .
The first is a tendency for the Commission to embark on very ambitious programmes , particularly in third countries , without sufficient assessment of the practicalities of implementation and proper resourcing .
The previous speaker already said something about this .
Clear progress must be visible .
But from the perspective of small Member States it is important that , as the European Commission is reformed , it must be done in a way that ensures that small Member States continue to have representation on the Commission .
From the outside , it looks as if the Commission has something to hide .
From the outside , it looks as if the Commission has something to hide .
The next item is the report ( A 5 -0001 / 2000 ) by Mr van Hulten , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , on action to be taken on the second report of the Committee of Independent Experts on reform of the Commission .
This requires a clear example to be set by Commissioners and senior staff as well as adequate training and secondly , by reinforcing the existing mechanisms for dealing with fraud .
Too many young , new officials are leaving their jobs after just a few years .
It will , at best , lead to more bureaucracy and less room for local democracy and for people to get involved in choosing and developing projects .
Secondly , as already mentioned by my colleague , Mr Mulder , the ELDR is of the opinion that the European Parliament should also be investigated by independent experts .
There are too many rights , too many regulations and too little room for leadership .
We should be careful about this .
And the Commission should be able to refuse new tasks if it does not also get the extra staff it needs .
I am therefore very pleased that the disciplinary procedure is to be reformed .
Actually , I do not entirely share Mr Haarder ' s view .
Perhaps ' redundant ' is the most serious epithet , and you are not responsible for this .
I am not going to mention the length of this report .
When one considers the events that have set these endeavours in motion though , it is only too clear as to why there is a need for them .
The citizens demand rapid and open access to the institutions and call for EU provisions to be comprehensible to them .
The great majority of the paper 's proposals are closely akin to those put by Mr van Hulten and that paper includes - I say to him and to Mr Staes - a very explicit timetable of actions to be undertaken in pursuit of reform .
For instance , the Financial Controller granted a positive a priori visa in most of the cases of mismanagement or irregularities recently uncovered .
I do not believe that there is any real disagreement between us on this .
That will most certainly be the character of the change as honourable Members will see when they read the reform strategy document .
Turning quickly to the section of the resolution on fighting fraud , corruption , mismanagement and nepotism : the major new proposal of the report concerns reporting by Commission officials of perceived wrong-doing .
I welcome Parliament 's support for that .
It is very clear , however , that parts of the Commission services are already very stretched .
The recent negotiations are already an important step towards a permanent peace in the Middle East .
In this respect , we support Libya ' s participation , provided that it recognises human rights , renounces support for terrorists and fully supports the peace process .
In this respect , we support Libya ' s participation , provided that it recognises human rights , renounces support for terrorists and fully supports the peace process .
The fact that the main responsibility for the peace process lies with the occupying country , Israel , does not prevent the Arab partners from also having a considerable share of the responsibility .
The fact that the main responsibility for the peace process lies with the occupying country , Israel , does not prevent the Arab partners from also having a considerable share of the responsibility .
Against this background , I want to conclude with a remarkable story from Sweden where an international Intergovernmental Conference on Hitler ' s extermination of the Jews is being held , which is obviously a welcome initiative .
Against this background , I want to conclude with a remarkable story from Sweden where an international Intergovernmental Conference on Hitler ' s extermination of the Jews is being held , which is obviously a welcome initiative .
The key problem areas at the moment include the difficulties of redeployment , as well as the transfer of territories .
Mr President , the various motions for resolutions tabled in Parliament more or less represent the situation in the Middle East .
Mr President , the various motions for resolutions tabled in Parliament more or less represent the situation in the Middle East .
His behaviour towards Prime Minister Ehud Barak was plainly insulting .
His behaviour towards Prime Minister Ehud Barak was plainly insulting .
This has been the year in which policies on justice and home affairs have been provided with a Community framework .
I said that there was no consistency between the decisions taken by the Council and the policies actually carried out .
In this field the Commission , in conjunction with the Portuguese Presidency and the European Parliament , will give its full support to the Interinstitutional Conference to be held on drugs in February .
As a result , the governments which need to do this and which recognise that need , also realise that , in implementing this , they are taking away their own powers .
As a result , the governments which need to do this and which recognise that need , also realise that , in implementing this , they are taking away their own powers .
I say therefore that we need a timetable which stipulates what must be implemented , when and by whom .
Mr President , that situation cannot continue and needs remedying .
We must not and cannot give the impression that the Union exclusively wishes to defend itself from an avalanche of refugees and economic migrants .
We must not and cannot give the impression that the Union exclusively wishes to defend itself from an avalanche of refugees and economic migrants .
There is an agreement to double this number , but I understand that , so far , not a single new person has arrived .
There is an agreement to double this number , but I understand that , so far , not a single new person has arrived .
We must not generate a confusion and conflict of jurisdictions about rights , for that would be the enemy of freedom , justice and security .
What steps will the Council take to prevent nuclear accidents and the proliferation of nuclear weapons in a country that wishes to join the EU but spends enormous amounts on nuclear programmes while receiving financial aid from the EU budget ?
Speaking as an engineer , I can tell you that we carry out tests to investigate the effects of certain risk factors in extreme circumstances .
With this in mind , it goes without saying that nuclear plants a priori should not be built in areas prone to earthquakes .
We understand your concerns and will certainly take account of them , particularly during the discussions that we will be having with Turkey to define that country ' s own pre-accession strategy agenda .
We understand your concerns and will certainly take account of them , particularly during the discussions that we will be having with Turkey to define that country ' s own pre-accession strategy agenda .
This question will naturally be one of our key concerns , and the European Commission will not fail to take this into account .
The European Parliament will have the opportunity to take part in the preparatory group for the next Intergovernmental Conference .
The European Parliament will have the opportunity to take part in the preparatory group for the next Intergovernmental Conference .
For our part , we are prepared to study any proposals made in this area .
Mr Dimitrakopoulos , transparency is naturally an issue of concern to the institutions .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I must say that your comments have not satisfied me at all .
We genuinely share your concerns about the threatening situation which exists in Kosovo for ethnic minorities , for both the Serb and Romany populations , and the incidents of discrimination , harassment and intimidation which continue to take place in that region .
Therefore , the responsibility of the European Union has to be seen in a certain context .
In more direct terms , to the extent that this measure could be deemed an indirect restriction on capital streams , this would contravene the Treaty of Rome .
Even a small tax would have serious repercussions on the capital markets , because this sort of speculation tax would reduce the profitability of investments considerably .
At a time when the tax burden on the work factor is increasing throughout Europe and internationally , we must consider how we can achieve efficient taxation of investment income and that includes the question of how to tax short-term financial transactions .
This is the intention behind the question and we must then follow the ordinary procedures of reports from committees and plenary debate in order to reach a balanced and really forward-looking proposal .
This is the intention behind the question and we must then follow the ordinary procedures of reports from committees and plenary debate in order to reach a balanced and really forward-looking proposal .
We therefore demand , if this motion is adopted tomorrow , that the Commission and Council appear before Parliament to tell us what positions they will take on this occasion .
This has already been made clear a number times in this debate .
This has already been made clear a number times in this debate .
This issue can no longer be ignored by Parliament , the Council or the Commission .
Of course capital markets need clarity - that is actually the idea .
The fact that the public accepts such rates and does not just abandon all financial activities in a panic can be explained by overambitious expectations over future gains .
In the end tax would politicise the global , undemocratic system of financial power .
The next item is the debate on the talks in Austria on forming a government .
With all due respect to a Commissioner as effective as Mr Fischler , and given that we have heard contradictory comments , depending on the translation , with regard to a possible request by President Prodi for the resignation of Mr Fischler , I would be very grateful if this point could be clarified in this House .
I therefore think that this is a great day for European politics to commence .
Madame President , my group , the EDD , and especially my party , are very concerned by this debate .
Are you going to interfere with Great Britain ' s Parliament if we are elected ?
Let us learn the lessons of the past .
Madam President , this debate was opened by Mr Da Costa , who merely confirms that the EU presidency is trying to influence the composition of a government of one of the Member States .
Its aim was to combat the forgetfulness and the evil in today ' s society which takes the form of xenophobia and neo-nazism .
Its aim was to combat the forgetfulness and the evil in today ' s society which takes the form of xenophobia and neo-nazism .
It would be an insult to the idea behind this conference and to the whole of the international community to invite , at this time , into the institutions of the EU , a xenophobic party which flirts with Nazi ideas .
It would be an insult to the idea behind this conference and to the whole of the international community to invite , at this time , into the institutions of the EU , a xenophobic party which flirts with Nazi ideas .
This Chamber was not made for goods , it was not made for money .
We understand that , and we recall too the sometimes short and selective memory that he has of Nazism .
We understand that , and we recall too the sometimes short and selective memory that he has of Nazism .
Measures taken must be proportional to the chosen level of protection - that is , we do not use the sledgehammer to crack a nut .
Lastly , will we be able to recognise when this principle has been applied in legislation ?
The Commission is to do its job and give proper attention to the issue before we come back with an assessment of what needs to be done .
The Commission is to do its job and give proper attention to the issue before we come back with an assessment of what needs to be done .
My second question concerns the burden of proof .
My second question concerns the burden of proof .
I want to know whether this also applies in the document which the Commission has presented now .
I will give an example : a fungicide has been proven to cause babies to be born blind . It is therefore a teratogenic substance .
Mr President , the Group of the European People ' s Party was not satisfied with the conclusions of the European Council in Helsinki .
Nobody is asking for an IGC of the Maastricht style with a hundred or more subjects being debated .
Nobody is asking for an IGC of the Maastricht style with a hundred or more subjects being debated .
What we need most of all is to have the courage to undertake a critical examination of the Union ' s policies to date .
What we need most of all is to have the courage to undertake a critical examination of the Union ' s policies to date .
This is why we have always said that enlargement was possible only if the diversity and freedom of the peoples of Europe was clearly recognised , i.e. by adopting flexibility founded upon the respect of national sovereignty .
For this reason , we must ensure that the instruments have the effect of enabling us to carry out , on behalf of the citizens , the tasks we have already formally been set in the Treaty .
I can assure you that it was not easy to achieve this , last week in the Committee I chair , but we eventually decided to back the Portuguese Presidency and we would like to win this wager .
I can assure you that it was not easy to achieve this , last week in the Committee I chair , but we eventually decided to back the Portuguese Presidency and we would like to win this wager .
Yesterday , we also discussed the Commission , represented by Commissioner Barnier , who gave its opinion .
It is not , however , possible to talk about this without at the same time talking about monetary union .
They rightly included the problem with monetary union and centralist government and presented a number of alternative democratic principles .
You can think what you like about Mr Haider , and I personally consider him to be a very dangerous politician , but you cannot just intervene in an independent and friendly country ' s democratic process .
The other area of conflict is more difficult .
My colleagues , Mrs Frassoni and Mr Onesta have already spoken , somewhat sceptically , about some aspects of the matter in hand .
My colleagues , Mrs Frassoni and Mr Onesta have already spoken , somewhat sceptically , about some aspects of the matter in hand .
The question is if we will undertake enlargement whether we are prepared or not .
It is all the work which is going to be carried out together , under your guidance particularly , in the course of these few months , which is extremely important .
I believe this system is also more suited to practical needs .
There is the fact that we have to take the interests of the economy and also of the individual into account .
There is the fact that we have to take the interests of the economy and also of the individual into account .
Perhaps there was a certain amount of residual misunderstanding on the part of the Commission .
The other amendments are unacceptable .
The Commission has the same opinion of similar amendments to the second proposal .
When we come to pay , we want to know what the others are paying .
However , I would like to concentrate on two points .
Peat is not mentioned in the list of renewable energy sources .
In order to ensure that at least 50 % of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources , it is not enough to deal with a few hot spots that will be more profitable in the short term .
This demand makes conciliation almost impossible and even affects the dignity of the parliamentary institution .
I would like to stress that culture is not only funded from this particular pot .
However , I do think that it is necessary , as he always states too , that , in the next IGC , changes will be made to codecision , when unanimity will no longer be necessary .
We are very positive about the many improvements which have been made : no more mega-projects , room for cultural networks , and sufficient attention to promoting reading , translating and translation companies .
We are very positive about the many improvements which have been made : no more mega-projects , room for cultural networks , and sufficient attention to promoting reading , translating and translation companies .
Where would Europe ' s tourism industry be without the richness of our culture ?
We need the depth of spirit that literature provides in the midst of a culture that has a short attention span and is inclined towards the superficial .
Cultural activity is an expression of individuality , of an individual ' s own personality ; it builds relationships and communicates .
The Council was not prepared in the case of this particular programme to accommodate Parliament to the tune of even a single euro !
We shall thus , in the course of the next five years , have a tool perfectly suited to developing clear , well-structured and , I am sure , successful measures in order to promote the cultural sector .
Ladies and gentlemen , this is a formal commitment , not just words on paper .
Ladies and gentlemen , this is a formal commitment , not just words on paper .
However , if it is a union of culture , civilisation and participation , then it becomes a living thing .
Mr President , nine million cars are shredded and scrapped every year in Europe .
Mr President , nine million cars are shredded and scrapped every year in Europe .
As manufacturers are responsible for the design , they can give a great deal of consideration to the environment at the conception phase .
As manufacturers are responsible for the design , they can give a great deal of consideration to the environment at the conception phase .
Where this aspect is concerned , we cannot accept any weakening of the Council ' s position regarding the date from which the regulations are to come into force .
We shall vote against any amendments which run counter to these considerations .
These would , of course , be to the advantage of modern , progressive car manufacturers who think in environmentally friendly terms .
In this regard , we are certainly on the right track , but as some Members have already stressed , the real issue here is the possibility that manufacturers ' responsibility will become a shared responsibility .
In this regard , we are certainly on the right track , but as some Members have already stressed , the real issue here is the possibility that manufacturers ' responsibility will become a shared responsibility .
Mr President , once again I would like to briefly outline the economic issues involved in this directive , and reaffirm my support for the amendments tabled by my colleague , Bernd Lange .
But , as Mr Lange so rightly said , this solution is totally unfair to European car manufacturers .
But , as Mr Lange so rightly said , this solution is totally unfair to European car manufacturers .
This would , furthermore , make it possible to allow firms time to make funds available to meet these additional expenses .
We have to work out what we are going to do with the millions of vehicles we abandon each year .
Mr President , this excellent directive will end the dumping of old cars , encourage recycling , and above all encourage manufacturers to design cars which can easily be recycled .
It is disgraceful the way in which the German Presidency handled this matter .
Over the years , a consumer may have altered the product in a number of ways .
In this Parliament we constantly talk about the need to promote employment and jobs in Europe and yet we constantly pass measures which will have the effect of reducing employment .
In this Parliament we constantly talk about the need to promote employment and jobs in Europe and yet we constantly pass measures which will have the effect of reducing employment .
They would then determine their own prices .
Mr President , Commissioner , I have asked to speak again so that I can say a few more words at the close of this debate .
If you travel to the Netherlands , you will find that every last owner can get rid of his car cost-free .
Mr President , the proposal we are discussing has a huge amount of advantages , mainly in the interests of preventing waste and encouraging re-use , the recovery and recycling of components and the recovery of materials , etc.
Would you be so kind as to bear with me for a few minutes .
First of all , I think I should repeat some of the basic facts which Mr Florenz and others have already mentioned .
What we are discussing here is the fact that close on ten million cars are scrapped every year in the European Union , resulting in approximately as many millions of tons of waste .
What we are discussing here is the fact that close on ten million cars are scrapped every year in the European Union , resulting in approximately as many millions of tons of waste .
What we are discussing here is the fact that close on ten million cars are scrapped every year in the European Union , resulting in approximately as many millions of tons of waste .
The Commission can adopt 10 amendments in their entirety .
Amendment No 12 involves a delay of at least ten years in bringing the provision into force .
Amendments Nos 4 , 11 and 30 mean that heavy metals have to be separated from the waste before recycling .
The Commission considers that the type of phasing-out proposed in the common position is easier to apply from a technical point of view .
The Commission does not consider that the amendments would improve the balance without , at the same time , creating tensions .
In our opinion , it is clear that the left wing in the European Parliament , in association with the Austrian left wing which was defeated in the electoral arena , have mounted a petty political campaign resorting to the memory of a sinister but fortunately bygone period .
Finally , I abstained on the vote for a number of reasons .
Finally , I abstained on the vote for a number of reasons .
If you want to combat xenophobia and racism , and I believe that we should , we need to look at the root causes .
I passionately defend Europe ' s heritage of human rights and the rule of law .
We support Europe , a Europe which does honour to all the actions that have brought us to this point , a Europe which respects the Treaties and the law and a Europe which needs Austria .
He has led efforts to end provision for Austria ' s Slovene-speaking minority and assistance to immigrants .
He has led efforts to end provision for Austria ' s Slovene-speaking minority and assistance to immigrants .
However , democratic elections do not make democrats of those who have threatened democracy .
The strength of the FPÖ can be traced back to the weakness of the previous government and in this the Austrian socialists must bear the main responsibility .
He spoke of the task of not isolating Member States but of doing everything to unite them in common European values .
The Austrian elections were held in a free , proper and democratic manner .
The Austrian People ' s Party must accept some historical responsibility for this .
The Committee supports the Commission proposal to concentrate actions in small selected areas and believes that , given the dispersed nature of many rural inhabited locations , the minimum demographic ceiling for the selection of a project should be reduced to 10 000 inhabitants .
Mr President , Mrs Stenzel , ladies and gentlemen , before addressing the EQUAL report itself , I should like to make a point of principle in connection with the employment guidelines on which the report is based .
Particular emphasis is given to the point that women ' s opportunities on the labour market ought to be improved and that to achieve this more crèches should be built .
Particular emphasis is given to the point that women ' s opportunities on the labour market ought to be improved and that to achieve this more crèches should be built .
It is of decisive importance to get local business , organisations and other players involved in the practical implementation of programmes .
Experience shows that projects of cooperation need better planning and closer monitoring and need to be generally more successful .
Here , projects covering only one region or one country will not receive support ; they will have to cover neighbouring regions in two or more countries .
But dishing out increasing amounts of money is no guarantee for improved spending .
This could prevent local governments that are functioning in a short-sighted or insufficiently democratic way from neglecting their duty of input from the very start .
Hence our amendment in order to prevent contradictions between general policy and actual projects .
Because anyone who develops a project and has it ready will also want to start implementing it as soon as possible .
Programmes and objectives usually turn out to be far too ambitious and their results are not always satisfactory , while the lack of transparency and complexity of the plans often allow considerable scope for mismanagement and even fraud .
It behoves all of us to do everything possible to ensure their survival .
A break in continuity will have serious consequences for the programme and certainly a disruptive effect on voluntary and professional workers .
I , for my part , have focused on the position of the handicapped and the elderly within the framework of the programme , and I have to say that their position could well have been overlooked altogether if it had not been for the European Parliament devoting special attention to them .
I , for my part , have focused on the position of the handicapped and the elderly within the framework of the programme , and I have to say that their position could well have been overlooked altogether if it had not been for the European Parliament devoting special attention to them .
The Rules of Procedure do not shed any more light on the matter and that is exactly why this back burner is extremely useful .
For a long time , probably a survival of our colonial heritage , our regions have fixed their attention on the European mainland , ignoring and even scorning their closest neighbours .
This increased awareness does not , however , affect identity alone .
Various local authorities around the North Sea provide a prime example of this .
None of us wants South American type favelas in Europe .
Informing and training young farmers at European level is vitally important .
Everything that I have just said , ladies and gentlemen , demonstrates that the Commission is resolved to taken the views of Parliament into account .
I should simply like to point out that this does not make very much sense at the present time because , as you know , it is still possible - and in fact will be until the end of 2001 - for LEADER II funds to be disbursed .
The second subject is flexibility and simplification .
Not only should the Commission discuss this , but also our states , our parliaments and our civil society .
We must not forget Africa , a continent which has been forsaken , not only by God , but also by Europe , nor our important contribution to cooperating with development .
We can submit motions for this together with you .
The peoples which do not participate and gradually grow more distant will leave the way open for an oligarchy that will take power and leave control in the hands of a few .
The peoples which do not participate and gradually grow more distant will leave the way open for an oligarchy that will take power and leave control in the hands of a few .
The Commission as a whole , its President perhaps , the Council ?
The document mentions common values on different occasions .
I am convinced that the Bible , God ' s word , is the only pure source of proper standards and real values .
Transparency does not mean more access to more paper ; to our citizens , transparency means greater clarity at long last as to who takes decisions in Brussels and Strasbourg , when and with what right .
Transparency does not mean more access to more paper ; to our citizens , transparency means greater clarity at long last as to who takes decisions in Brussels and Strasbourg , when and with what right .
If the price of enlargement is the watering-down or even the break-up of the present Union , then it must not be paid .
It wishes to boost judicial assistance and cooperation and to develop an effective approach to the fight against all forms of crime " .
It wishes to boost judicial assistance and cooperation and to develop an effective approach to the fight against all forms of crime " .
You said in your summary , Commissioner Prodi , that liberalisation , competitiveness , keeping inflation low , innovation , science and technology are central for the future success of the European economy and creating jobs .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , I should like to focus on two points which are not mentioned in your programme .
This House is therefore your ally but not one which is too accommodating .
This House is therefore your ally but not one which is too accommodating .
The promotion of scientific development and new technologies and access for all to these technologies will not be provided by the market or competition . The latter will also not ensure the social proximity and effectiveness of the main community services of health , education , transport , communications , water and whatever else .
We also need a code of corporate conduct to make sure that companies in fact work in partnership with their workers in the management of change .
Madam President , I hope that it is a good omen that there are still a few i 's left for me to dot .
However , for the economic sector which I represent , i.e. fisheries , this means change .
However , for the economic sector which I represent , i.e. fisheries , this means change .
However , I am sure that I do not need to remind you of the importance of a branch of the economy which is both an economic and a social factor , which affects not only Germany but all the coastal regions of Europe .
Please , Mr Prodi , stand by your word and implement your promises .
Parliament has not yet indicated why permission was withdrawn .
Without them we would not be able to function .
Without them we would not be able to function .
But there was some misunderstanding , for they did receive a letter from somebody else that they felt gave them permission .
But there was some misunderstanding , for they did receive a letter from somebody else that they felt gave them permission .
As the smallest Community initiative in existence , we therefore proposed an increase in its funding through an amendment which was rejected .
URBAN is designed to find solutions to urban decay , and this is something of great concern to the elderly and therefore of great concern to the Pensioners ' Party .
There can be no worse situation than that of an elderly person living in a city .
At the same time , the social and economic problems facing European society are more pronounced in urban areas .
Clearly some people are profiting from the opportunity to indulge in another budget bidding race which is particularly mistimed when the convergence criteria for EMU are imposing a very strict slimming regime on the national budgets .
Mr President , the INTERREG programme is particularly close to our hearts .
This is an important development which must be supported as it is the future of the EU which is at stake .
A clear declaration on feedingstuffs will allow double freedom of choice , both for the party using the feedingstuff and the subsequent consumer .
This already gives us a basis for the authorisation of GMOs .
The rapporteur places the emphasis on the testing and labelling of GMOs in feed additives .
The events of the past couple of years have certainly created an awareness and concern about the real threat to food safety and public health .
The events of the past couple of years have certainly created an awareness and concern about the real threat to food safety and public health .
The events of the past couple of years have certainly created an awareness and concern about the real threat to food safety and public health .
The main problem is a financial one , namely who bears the cost ?
The main problem is a financial one , namely who bears the cost ?
Our line is to work towards realistic objectives and practicable solutions .
The recent disaster on the Danube serves as a reminder that our rivers are the lifelines of our planet and that pollution does not respect borders .
Water is a renewable but limited natural resource .
Agricultural needs are clearly much greater in the south and this specific point must be taken into account in the framework directive .
The key goals remain the prevention from further pollution of ground and surface water , the protection of eco systems , the promotion of the sustainable use of water , the control of floods and droughts and the termination of discharging dangerous substances into surface water .
The common position is in this respect a farce , a document with no strings attached and a true affront in the light of the OSPAR agreements .
I have myself suggested various possible responses to this challenge which serves to remind us all once more what we have been doing together since 1957 .
With reference to the IGC , as you know , under the Helsinki decisions the Portuguese Presidency was given the specific entitlement to add to the agenda of the IGC during the course of the IGC .
I have evidence that this is possible .
Our proposal is not general or systematic .
Commissioner , it is quite significant that at the beginning of this new century people in Europe , men and women , are being called upon to redefine their rights and obligations .
The arguments of the US Government concern the fact that a future ban on the presence of dangerous substances in electrical and electronic waste would be contrary to the WTO rules .
I should , of course , like to take this opportunity to say that I appreciate the role played by the European Parliament ' s Committee on Women ' s Rights and Equal Opportunities , particularly its chair .
We shall be monitoring each Commissioner carefully , so the other Commissioners have now been forewarned .
I would like to know whether you are going to stop completely the funding at this stage until there is a proper investigation .
Mr President , sadly , the specific case raised by Mrs McKenna is not an isolated one .
However , I am obliged to respect the national authority with which I must conduct these negotiations .
Mr President , the question at issue is the income from the Swedish alcohol monopoly and when the Swedish Government says that it must cover health costs , then this is proof of a distortion of competition because other countries must cover their health costs themselves , with no alcohol monopoly at their disposal .
We need both a starting point and a final goal if we are to reverse the upward trend in pollution .
The Commission appreciates Parliament ' s efforts to guarantee that the so-called combined approach is given a central role .
The Commission appreciates Parliament ' s efforts to guarantee that the so-called combined approach is given a central role .
This approach and its scope , which the Commission can in principle approve , are defined by Amendments Nos 22 and 47 .
Patently we have here an instrument that is appropriate for the policies which we wish to implement .
This is the sort of thing that we want to avoid .
Some people have wondered whether our demands are too low or whether there should be more dialogue .
For example , it has not been defined .
We have here an agreement which , in spite of its defects , constitutes a significant step forward for the issue of copyright .
Both Treaties contribute towards a high level of protection for works and other matters , but offer the public access to the contents of these via electronic networks .
It is vitally important to give the correct signal to the outside world , in the form of this recommendation .
We finally got here , on Monday at 8.30 p.m. , after some of us had spent more than 12 hours travelling .
We need a quick way of educating people , including those who do not obey the rules decided upon in this House .
The European Union undertakes to develop and implement an immigration and asylum policy founded on the principle of partnership with the originating countries and regions .
This approach will lead us to a fully WTO compatible regime .
Economic operators will be more inclined to establish closer relations with their ACP partners .
Another important aspect is the improvement of the EU ' s trade regime for all least-developed countries , 39 of which are actually in the ACP group .
It is a fact that we are dealing with contradictory policy .
This is also typical of a policy which makes citizens wonder what Brussels actually does ?
It is up to the government to deal with this fact in a transparent and open manner , without any backhandedness .
The second area of incoherence is aid to authoritarian regimes .
We state that good governance and an end to corruption are mandatory but we continue to pour hundreds of thousands of euros into Swiss bank accounts via the portfolios of a number of Heads of State .
As you know , at the 55th session of the Human Rights Commission held last year , the United States decided , at a very late stage , to table a draft resolution on China .
There is a need for more coordination , more exchange of information and a more coherent approach whereby any raised bids are avoided .
And so long as people do not have equality before the law , this inequality will lead to discrimination and human rights will be eroded .
There is also the question of our overall policy on human rights and the relationship between human rights and foreign policy .
This naturally raises certain expectations and means that the role of the European Union is of some relevance in this context .
There is also another important aspect which I referred to at the beginning of my statement , and this relates to Turkey ' s role in helping the north of the island to prepare for accession .
It is essential for us to send the Commission a message of confidence about its role in this area .
An example here could be the field of education , which will deserve and need special support in the ACP states in future .
At the same time the number of partner states has increased considerably , now standing at 71 .
So ACP cooperation remains very exciting , and not only because of the new emphases introduced in the new Convention .
So ACP cooperation remains very exciting , and not only because of the new emphases introduced in the new Convention .
For the same reason the European Parliament has always called for civil society to be involved in the decision-making processes and in cooperation management , and emphasised the importance of decentralised cooperation .
I am more than happy to include Bulgaria and Romania in this , as it seems to me a tactical and psychological error only to talk about the five countries of former Yugoslavia , plus Albania .
Mr President , the name of the republic is still a problem on account of the Greek sensitivities surrounding it .
Against this background of extremely high expectations , I do not think that I am exaggerating if I say that this first step , namely the stability and association agreement with Macedonia , is vitally important .
It does , however , have the ambition to break free from this image .
This stability is required in the relations with Yugoslavia , Kosovo , Albania and Bulgaria .
External stability also means open borders and regional cooperation .
External stability also means open borders and regional cooperation .
We are now making in the Commission the necessary preparations so that negotiations can start in March .
We are now making in the Commission the necessary preparations so that negotiations can start in March .
Up until the Amsterdam Treaty , there were about 20 variations of these committee procedures , which created neither clarity in the implementation of legislation nor transparency for the citizens .
Parliament had four main criticisms of the comitology system as it existed prior to the new Council decision supplemented by this interinstitutional agreement .
Firstly , the whole system is obscure . It is not transparent with hundreds of committees meeting with secret agendas and nobody knowing who is on the committees .
The whole system will be more open and transparent - if still rather complex . So that is at least a step forward .
Finally , our fourth criticism is that if an implementing measure is blocked through the comitology system it is referred back , not to both branches of the legislative authority , but to the Council alone , which has the right possibly to take an alternative measure .
We must be very vigilant .
The Commission has suggested adopting the content of these , with certain changes in the wording .
We have encountered several problems in some of the other languages , but have not been able to check all of these , and I would thus urge you to be mindful of problems of this type .
We have encountered several problems in some of the other languages , but have not been able to check all of these , and I would thus urge you to be mindful of problems of this type .
Health facilities and staff of NGOs need to be supported and resourced to deal effectively and appropriately with patients .
Health facilities and staff of NGOs need to be supported and resourced to deal effectively and appropriately with patients .
The next great challenge is to re-launch the new round of world trade negotiations that failed to take off last December in Seattle .
The acceleration of technological progress and the increasing competitive pressure of globalising markets are pushing companies to rapidly adapt their production and company structures .
We have had in the recent past different experiences and approaches on how to deal with large-scale operations of corporate restructuring , often affecting the lives of large numbers of European people .
The acceleration of technological progress and the increasing competitive pressure of globalising markets are pushing companies to rapidly adapt their production and company structures .
The acceleration of technological progress and the increasing competitive pressure of globalising markets are pushing companies to rapidly adapt their production and company structures .
We have had in the recent past different experiences and approaches on how to deal with large-scale operations of corporate restructuring , often affecting the lives of large numbers of European people .
Secondly , when dismissals prove to be inevitable , the utmost must be done to reinforce the employability of those concerned .
The forthcoming French Presidency also seems willing to give this dossier the high priority it deserves .
In any case , I wish to say to those who believe that their rights in that respect were ignored that adequate means of enforcement and redress are available to them , notably through relevant national jurisdictional instances .
The Commission would do well in this sort of situation to make its decisions not simply on the basis of whether a merger will distort competition but also on the basis of the social and economic consequences .
Of course this does not mean that I do not totally condemn the violence used by individuals or groups who deserve to be prosecuted firmly and rigorously by the law , and by the law alone .
The only way to prevent these events happening again , in a place where there are large communities of immigrant workers , is through social integration .
Geographical mobility is not an invention of the twentieth century and neither are its economic and work-related causes .
Mr President , acts of racist and xenophobic violence are taking hold at the heart of Europe .
The trial took place behind closed doors and the defendant was only allowed one witness .
Even the British Minister , Peter Hain , conceded this recently . We should ensure that the oil revenue is not used merely to finance the war or to line the pockets of prominent members of government , he told President Dos Santos last month .
Once again , we are losing a piece of our planet ' s cultural and ecological heritage , despite the many treaties and resolutions on human rights , on the protection of minorities , rights of indigenous peoples , etc. , which have already been ratified .
But if we are to believe the environmental movements , even this is vain hope .
There are hardly any reintegration programmes for people who have been relocated to the so-called New Lands .
There are hardly any reintegration programmes for people who have been relocated to the so-called New Lands .
Mr President , a journalist is on a fact-finding mission and this calls for freedom .
Mr President , it became known this week that two prominent Cambodian opposition papers have been threatened with closure because they are reported to have insulted the king and prime minister .
We are losing market share . I believe we have to do something to make ourselves more competitive .
It goes without saying , therefore , that tourism , developed rationally in the long term , should represent a sustainable source of income for local economies , while safeguarding and enhancing the value of the rural , cultural , historical and environmental heritage .
Senior citizens are always on holiday , all year round , from 1 January through to 31 December because they do not work and do not have just one month off during the year .
It is not only the targeted , specific tourism actions which are important but the other horizontal actions in the field of transport .
I was able to attend this meeting this morning and met with the representatives at lunch .
You can be satisfied with the progress made .
In the short term , we also need to invest in making sure that children are properly cared for and , of course , also properly educated .
I think it is very important that we should investigate what kind of stereotypes the media establish .
But even greater is our regret that we still need such resolutions .
Nonetheless , even though progress has been made in recent years thanks to strategies such as mainstreaming and complementary schemes such as positive action , they are still too few in number to be satisfactory .
The MARPOL Convention aims to prevent pollution from ships but legislation is clearly necessary to ensure the convention is enforced .
